1. Temporal dead zone (TDZ)

The temporal dead zone (TDZ) is a specific period in the execution of JavaScript code where
variables declared with let and const exist but cannot be accessed or assigned any value.
During this phase, accessing or using the variable will result in a ReferenceError.

To better understand the TDZ, let’s consider an example:

console.log(x) // ReferenceError cannot access  x before initialization
lex x = 10;


2. Explain how does browser understand jsx/js ?

Browsers don't understand JSX directly. JSX (JavaScript XML) is a syntax extension for JavaScript
often used with React to describe what the UI should look like. Before a browser can render JSX,
it needs to be transformed into regular JavaScript.
This process typically involves two steps:

Transpilation:
  JSX is transpiled into regular JavaScript using tools like Babel.
  Babel takes JSX code and converts it into equivalent JavaScript code that browsers can understand.
  For example:JSX:
    const element = <h1>Hello, world!</h1>;
  Transpiled JavaScript:
    var element = React.createElement('h1', null, 'Hello, world!');

Here, React.createElement() is a function provided by React to create virtual DOM elements.

Bundling:
  After transpilation, JavaScript files, including the transpiled JSX,
  are bundled together using tools like Webpack or Rollup. Bundling combines all the JavaScript code,
  including JSX, into one or more files that are optimized for the browser.
  Once these steps are complete, the browser receives the bundled JavaScript file,
  which contains plain JavaScript code without any JSX. Browsers understand JavaScript,
  so they can execute this code to render the UI as intended.

In summary, browsers don't directly understand JSX; it needs to be transpiled into regular JavaScript before it can be executed in the browser.
This transpilation process is typically handled by build tools like Babel,
and the resulting JavaScript code is what the browser can understand and execute.


3. Promises

Promises in JavaScript are objects representing the eventual completion or failure of an asynchronous operation.
They allow you to handle asynchronous operations more easily, making code more readable and manageable.
Promises have three states: pending, fulfilled, or rejected.

We can create a new Promise object using the new Promise() constructor.
It takes a function with two parameters, resolve and reject.

const myPromise = new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    // Asynchronous operation
    // If successful, call resolve()
    // If error occurs, call reject()
});


4. Pure functions

Pure functions are functions that have two main characteristics:

Deterministic:
  A pure function always produces the same output for the same input.
  It does not depend on any external state that may change during its execution.
  This property ensures predictability and makes debugging easier.
No Side Effects:
  A pure function does not modify variables outside of its scope,
  such as changing the state of the program, modifying global variables,
  or performing I/O operations. This property makes pure functions easier to reason about and test.


5. Polyfill

  A "polyfill" is a piece of code (usually JavaScript) that provides the functionality of a feature
  that is not natively supported by a browser. It allows developers to use modern features of JavaScript
  even in older browsers that do not support them.


  if (!Array.prototype.forEach) {
      Array.prototype.forEach = function(callback) {
          if (this == null) {
              throw new TypeError('Array.prototype.forEach called on null or undefined');
          }

          if (typeof callback !== 'function') {
              throw new TypeError(callback + ' is not a function');
          }

          const array = Object(this);
          const length = array.length >>> 0;

          for (let i = 0; i < length; i++) {
              if (i in array) {
                  callback.call(array[i], i, array);
              }
          }
      };
  }



6. ES6 Features:

  Arrow Functions, Template Literals (`Hello, ${name}!`), let & const, classes, Promises
  Destructuring Assignment
    const person = { name: 'John', age: 30 };
    const { name, age } = person;
  Spread and Rest Operators


7. ES7 Features:

  Async/Await, Includes() (Array method),
  Exponential Operator (2**2, Math.pow(2, 2))
  Object.entries(): Returns an array of a given object's own enumerable property [key, value] pairs.


8. Arrow functions

  Arrow functions provide several conveniences that make them useful in JavaScript development
  - Shorter Syntax
  - Lexical this Binding: Arrow functions do not have their own this context.
    Instead, they inherit this from the surrounding code
  - Arrow functions do not have their own arguments object. This can prevent unexpected behavior and makes code more predictable.
  - No new Keyword
  - Implicit Return

9. Event bubbling
  Event bubbling is a phenomenon in which an event triggered on a nested element
  propagates up through its ancestors in the DOM tree, triggering event handlers on each ancestor element.
  This means that when an event occurs on an element,
  it will also trigger the same event on all of its parent elements, up to the root of the document.

  to stop event bubbling - event.stopPropagation();


10. Semantic HTML

  Semantic HTML tags provide context about the content they enclose,
  making it easier for both humans and machines (like search engines or screen readers)
  to understand the structure and purpose of the content.

  header, footer, nav, main, article, section, aside (sidebar)


11. CSS box modal

  A CSS box model is a fundamental concept in CSS layout design
  that describes the structure of every HTML element. The CSS box model consists of four main parts:
  content, padding, border, and margin.
  These parts form a rectangular box around an element, determining its size, spacing, and appearance.

    Content: This is the actual content of the element. It is surrounded by the padding, border, and margin.
    Padding: Padding is the space between the content and the element's border.
    Border: The border is a line that surrounds the padding and content of the element.
    Margin: Margin is the space outside the element's border.


12. CSS specificity

  CSS specificity is a set of rules that determines which styles should be applied to an element when multiple conflicting styles are defined

    - Inline Styles
    - ID (#btn: {})
    - class (.btn: {})
    - tag (button: {})


13. CSS  positioning elements

  - Static Positioning:
      This is the default position for all elements. Elements are positioned according to the normal flow of the document.
      You cannot change the position of statically positioned elements using properties like top, left, right, or bottom.

  - Relative Positioning:
      Relative positioning allows you to position an element relative to its normal position in the document flow.
      You can use top, left, right, or bottom properties to offset the element from its normal position.

  - Absolute Positioning:
      Absolute positioning removes the element from the normal flow of the document and positions it
      relative to its nearest positioned ancestor (or to the initial containing block if there's no positioned ancestor).
      Use top, left, right, or bottom properties to specify the position.

  - Fixed Positioning:
      Fixed positioning positions the element relative to the browser window, so it remains fixed even when the page is scrolled.
      Use top, left, right, or bottom properties to specify the position.

  - Sticky Positioning:
      Sticky positioning is a hybrid of relative and fixed positioning.
      The element is treated as relative positioned until it crosses a specified threshold, after which it is treated as fixed positioned.
      Use top, left, right, or bottom properties to specify the position, along with z-index to control the stacking order.